jstor 
Find opinions on JSTOR, the system developed to make scholarly journals available from a digital archive. 
Reports of difficulty or ease in using JSTOR are relevant opinions. A statement that one is lucky to have access or wishes to have access to JSTOR is a relevant opinion. A statement that information is available in JSTOR is not an opinion. Simply citing JSTOR as a reference for a document is not an opinion. 

lactose gas 
Find opinions about lactose gas, related symptoms and remedies. 
All opinions about lactose gas, its related symptoms and remedies are relevant. 

"Steve jobs" 
Find documents stating opinions about Apple CEO Steve Jobs. 
Relevant documents will state opinions about Steve Jobs, the head of Apple Computer. Documents will include comments on his great success with the iPod, his management style, and his unusual keynote presentations he gives at the introduction of new products. 

alterman 
Find opinions about author and columnist Eric Alterman. 
Any opinions about author/columnist and blogger Eric Alterman are relevant. Also pertinent are comments on positions Alterman has taken on controversial subjects. 

king funeral 
Find documents that show opinions on the funeral of Coretta Scott King. 
Opinions on the political nature of speeches given by top government officials and others at the funeral of the civil rights icon, Coretta Scott King, are relevant. Opinions on other aspects of the funeral are also relevant. Not relevant are mention of the King funeral in lists of news topics. 

davos 
Find opinions on the World Economic forum in Davos, Switzerland. 
Relevant documents will include opinions about the World Economic Forum held annually in Davos, Switzerland, and the topics or people at the most recent Forum. Opinions on economic topics not connected with Davos are not relevant. 

brrreeeport 
Find opinions about the Brrreeeport experiment. 
Robert Scoble requested bloggers to attach the coined word brrreeeport to their blogs. The purpose was to determine how soon that word would show up on various search engines. Opinions of the experiment and its author are relevant. Opinions of the Microsoft company, where Scoble worked, are not relevant. Opinions regarding search engine reactions to brrreeeport are not relevant. 

"carrie underwood" 
Find opinions of singer Carrie Underwood. 
Opinions of singer Carrie Underwood, personally and of her singing ability are relevant. Opinions of songs she has written are also relevant. Statements regarding her appearance in any particular venue can be relevant but do not necessarily imply an opinion. 

Barilla 
Find opinions on Barilla brand pasta or other foods. 
Indication of Barilla as one's brand of choice is a relevant opinion. The simple statement that Barilla was used is not a relevant opinion because Barilla may have been all that was available. 

"Aperto Networks" 
Find opinions about either the company Aperto Networks or its products. 
All opinions about either the company itself or the products produced by Aperto Networks are relevant. 

SCI FI CHANNEL 
Find opinions regarding the cable television Sci-Fi Channel. 
All statements of opinion regarding the Sci-Fi Channel are relevant. All statements regarding programming, such as show titles or reviews, are relevant provided the name Sci-Fi Channel is included. 

nasa 
Find opinions about NASA, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 
All statements of opinion regarding the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) are relevant. Statements of opinion about NASA projects or programs are relevant provided that NASA is mentioned. 

sag awards 
Find opinions regarding the Screen Actors Guild Awards (SAG). 
All statements of opinion regarding the Screen Actors Guild Awards are relevant. Statements of opinion regarding actors or other participants or film productions are relevant provided the Screen Actors Guild Awards or SAG are mentioned. 

northernvoice 
Find opinions about the Canadian blogging conference "NorthernVoice." 
All opinions expressed about the NorthernVoice blogging conference are relevant, including comments by attendees and conference organizers. 

"allianz" 
Find opinions of the international insurance company Allianz. 
Opinions of the international insurance company Allianz and its business and personnel practices are relevant. Also, any opinions about Allianz subsidiary companies or the process creating them are pertinent. Opinions about the Allianz Stadium are not relevant. 

dice.com 
Find opinions concerning dice.com, an on-line job search site. 
Opinions on dice.com's effectiveness are relevant. Mention of its problems is relevant. Recounting an experience using dice.com is relevant. Simply mentioning it as a possible tool is not relevant. 

snopes 
Find opinions on the urban legends reference site snopes.com. 
Recommendations to check snopes.com are relevant opinions. Opinions on the effectiveness of Snopes or the quality of its advice are relevant. A statement that Snopes confirms or debunks something is not relevant by itself. Opinions of stories or myths found on Snopes are not relevant. Report of use of Snopes is not relevant. 

varanasi 
Find opinions about the city of Varanasi, India. 
Relevant opinions should be about the city of Varanasi and its people, either currently or historically. 

pfizer 
Find opinions of the drug company Pfizer and its products. 
Any opinion of the drug company Pfizer is relevant. Opinions of Pfizer products are also relevant. Statements that a Pfizer product is being used are not relevant unless accompanied by an opinion of like or dislike or the effectiveness of the product. 

"andrew coyne" 
Find opinions about the Canadian journalist Andrew Coyne. 
Opinions about the journalist Andrew Coyne himself and about his writings are all relevant. 

"Christianity Today" 
Find opinions on the Evangelical Protestant magazine "Christianity Today". 
Statements of opinions regarding content from or descriptions of the Evangelical Protestant magazine "Christianity Today" are relevant. 

"howard stern" 
Find opinions of shock jock Howard Stern. 
Opinions of Howard Stern and his radio program are relevant. Comments and opinions expressed by Stern are not relevant. Opinions expressed by guests on the program are relevant only if about Stern or the program but not if about the program's topic. 

challenger 
Find opinions about the Challenger space shuttle disaster. 
Relevant opinions should be specifically about the space shuttle Challenger disaster event, not about other Challenger missions, crews, or the shuttle program generally. 

"mark driscoll" 
Find opinions about the evangelist Mark Driscoll. 
Opinions about Mark Driscoll include value judgments expressed about his appearance, behavior or views (observed, inferred, or imputed). Apparent distortions of fact about him constitute relevant opinions. 

mashup camp 
Find opinions about the first Mashup Camp event. 
Relevant opinions should be about the first real Mashup Camp event, other events that used that same name, and similar events focused on the mashup approach to software-based services development. References to the mashup programming approach, per se, are not relevant. 

hawthorne heights 
Find opinions on the band Hawthorne Heights, its music, or its members. 
Opinions on activities of the band's members are relevant. The presence of the band's music in a playlist is not a relevant opinion. A decision to listen to the band's music or see the band in concert is not an opinion. 

oscar fashion 
Find opinions on dresses or other garments worn at the Academy Awards, or fashions that are designed for Oscar night. 
Predictions of what will be worn or what designers will be represented are relevant opinions. A statement that a garment is appropriate for the Oscars is a relevant opinion. Hairstyles are not relevant. A statement that a gown has been rejected, with no other information about it, is not relevant. Fashions for other award ceremonies are not relevant. "Oscar" or "Academy Award" must be mentioned in connection with clothing for a document to be relevant. 

"big love" 
Find opinions regarding the HBO television show "Big Love". 
All statements of opinion regarding the HBO production "Big Love" are relevant. Statements of opinion about HBO or actors in the show are relevant provided that "Big Love" is mentioned. 

"brand manager" 
Find opinions about individual brand managers. 
Relevant opinions should be about individuals who are brand managers identified by their name, product, brand or company, not about the brand manager process generally. 

ikea 
Find opinions on Ikea or its products. 
Recommendations to shop at Ikea are relevant opinions. Recommendations of Ikea products are relevant opinions. Pictures on an Ikea-related site that are not related to the store or its products are not relevant. 

fort mcmurray 
Find opinions on the Canadian oil boom town of Fort McMurray. 
Opinions about the people who make up the community are relevant. Opinions of Fort McMurray residents are not relevant unless the opinion concerns or reflects on the town. Descriptions of the town that show bias are relevant. 

goobuntu 
Find opinions expressed about the rumor that Google is planning a desktop operating system named "Goobuntu." 
All opinions expressed about "Goobuntu" are relevant, regardless of the fact that there was really no operating system by that name. 

"winter olympics" 
Find opinions on the Winter Olympics. 
All statements of opinion about the Winter Olympic games are relevant. Statements about the Summer Olympics are not relevant. 

cointreau 
Find opinions of the liqueur Cointreau and drinks or food containing Cointreau. 
Statements regarding like or dislike of Cointreau are pertinent as are opinions about its addition to drinks or food items. Opinions regarding the business practices of the company that owns Cointreau are not relevant. 

mozart 
Find opinions regarding the composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. 
All statements of opinion regarding the composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are relevant. All statements of opinion regarding music authored by Mozart are relevant. Statements of opinions regarding events, festivals, or publications using Mozart's name are relevant. 

grammys 
Find opinions regarding the Grammy awards. 
All statements of opinion regarding the annual television Grammy awards are relevant. Statements of opinions of contestants or television productions are relevant provided the names "Grammy" or "Grammys" are mentioned in the statement. 

LexisNexis 
Find opinions about the information service LexisNexis. 
Relevant documents will provide opinions about the information service LexisNexis. Documents that are obviously sponsored by LexisNexis are considered to be spam and not relevant. 

"plug awards" 
Search for opinions about the "Plug Awards" annual award show. 
All opinions are relevant, including those of promoters or attendees. The "Plug Awards" show pits deserving independent and underground artists against each other. 

"Beggin Strips" 
Find opinions about Beggin' Strips brand dog snacks. 
All opinions about Beggin' Strips dog treats are relevant. 

Lance Armstrong 
Find opinions about the seven-time Tour de France cyclist Lance Armstrong. 
All opinions about Lance Armstrong are relevant, whether related to the Tour de France race or not. 

"teri hatcher" 
Find opinions about the actress Teri Hatcher. 
All statements of opinion regarding the persona or work of film and television actress Teri Hatcher are relevant. 

lawful access 
Find documents providing opinions about lawful access by the government to private files. 
Relevant documents will state opinions on whether or not government agents had lawful access to private files they have examined in recent years. These files included e-mails, library and phone records, etc., of private U.S. citizens as well as aliens. Documents about actions of both Canadian and government agents are relevant. Documents on Internet access are not relevant. 

censure 
Find opinions on bills in the U.S. Congress to censure President Bush and Vice-president Cheney. 
Relevant documents should include opinions on bills in the U.S. Congress, sponsored by Representative Conyers, to censure President Bush and Vice President Cheney. Not relevant are actions to censure other people or other countries, i.e. Iran in the UN. 

"Opera Software" OR "Opera Browser" OR "Opera Mobile" OR "Opera Mini" 
Find opinions about the "Opera" web browser. 
General information about the Opera Browser and its features does not constitute an opinion. Simple links (e.g., "Download the best and fastest...") with no supporting text are also not relevant. All other opinions about either the company or the Opera web browser product are relevant. For example, how does it compare with other browsers? Is it faster? More reliable? Better features? Liked or disliked? 

bolivia 
Find documents that show opinions about Bolivia. 
Relevant documents will state opinions about Bolivia and the government headed by its new indigenous president, Evo Morales. Documents that provide opinions about Bolivia other than its government can be relevant, i.e. opinions about new businesses and changed aspects of a city. 

tivo 
Find opinions about TIVO brand digital video recorders 
Relevant opinions should be about TIVO technology, functionality, marketing, benefits to users, and comparisons with similar products. 

sasha cohen 
Find opinions about Olympic figure skater Sasha Cohen. 
All opinions expressed about figure skater Sasha Cohen are relevant. She should not be confused with Sacha Baron Cohen. 

sorbonne 
Find opinions about the Sorbonne. 
Documents that state opinions about the Sorbonne University in Paris are relevant. Mention of books written by professors currently at the Sorbonne, or notations about persons having studied or given speeches there are not relevant. 

ford bell 
Find opinions of Minnesota veterinarian and political candidate Ford Bell. 
Opinions of Ford Bell's character and his viability as a political candidate are relevant. Opinions of him as a veterinarian are also relevant. Opinions of the actions of other political elements that affected Ford's candidacy are not relevant. 

Hitachi Data Systems 
Locate opinions about either the Hitachi Data Systems company or its products. 
All opinions about Hitachi Data Systems are relevant, including those expressed in advertising by the company itself, with the exception of spam.

